Updated example queries (#59015)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-desktop/diagnostics-log-analytics.md

- Completed: when the user or server disconnects the session the activity took place in.

## Example queries
Access example queries through the Azure Monitor Log Analytics UI:
- Navigate to your **Log Analytics workspace** and select **Logs**. The example query UI is presented to you automatically.
- Change the filter from Resource Type to **Category**. Next select **Windows Virtual Desktop** to review available queries.
- Execute a selected query conveniently by clicking **Run**. 

> Learn more about the sample query interface in [this article](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/log-query/saved-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the sample query interface in [Saved queries in Azure Monitor Log Analytics](../azure-monitor/log-query/saved-queries.md).
```

> In the following is a list of queries that help you to review connection information or issues for a single user. Execute them in the Log Analytics [query editor](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-monitor/log-query/get-started-portal#write-and-run-basic-queries). Replace userupn in each query by the actual UPN of the user you want to find out more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following query list lets you review connection information or issues for a single user. You can run these queries in the [Log Analytics query editor](../azure-monitor/log-query/get-started-portal.md#write-and-run-basic-queries). For each query, replace `userupn` with the UPN of the user you want to look up.
```

|take 100
```

> To find out whether a specific error occurred for other uses too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find out whether a specific error occurred for other users:
```
